I want it to be the first face you saw when you woke up, just like you used to say to me.
I wish that when you were in your sight, the first person you see is me every day.
I woke up at 4 a.m. to drink some water, and I saw a song making breakfast.
So I remember that you liked fried eggs, so I spent a whole month learning how to make
these.
Try it.
Don't bother making this again.
They don't taste like they used to.
Well, we'll leave it past in the past, and look forward to a new future.
I'm afraid Emira can be repaired, but it will still have cracks, just like a human heart.
The beast paid high price to the beauty, so you need to work hard too.
Hold on.
If she's the beauty, who's the beast?
Eat your breakfast.